Explain how team mapping work (#24624)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/code_analysis/faq/_index.md

The benefit of Datadog-hosted scans is that no configuration is needed in your CI pipeline(s) to use Code Analysis.

> ### How are services are associated with code violations and libraries?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How are services associated with code violations and libraries?
```

in the path, the service name the closest to the filename is selected.

### How are teams associated with code violations and libraries?

When Datadog detects the service for your code violation or library, it automatically
associates the team attached to the service. For example, if the file `domains/ecommerce/apps/myservice/foo.py`
is associated with `myservice`, then the team `myservice` will be associated to any violation
detected in this file.

If no services or teams are found, Datadog uses the `CODEOWNERS` [file][8]

> file in your repository. The `CODEOWNERS` file determines which team owns a file in your Git provider. You need

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion 
in your repository. The `CODEOWNERS` file determines which team owns a file in your Git provider. You need
```

in the path, the service name the closest to the filename is selected.

> ### How are teams associated with code and libraries?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How are teams associated with code violations and libraries?
```

> Teams are associated either by getting the team associated with the service or by using
> the `CODEOWNERS` file and its mapping within Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Teams are associated by either getting the team associated with the service or using
the `CODEOWNERS` file and its mapping within Datadog.
```

> Teams are associated by either getting the team associated with the service or using
> the `CODEOWNERS` file and its mapping within Datadog.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: I think we could remove this sentence and still maintain the flow/readability.

When Datadog detects the service for your code violation or library, it automatically
associates the team attached to the service. For example, if the file `domains/ecommerce/apps/myservice/foo.py`

> is associated with `myservice`, then the team of `myservice` will be associated to any violation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is associated with `myservice`, then the team `myservice` will be associated to any violation
```

> for this file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
detected in this file.
```

> If no service or teams are found, Datadog uses the `CODEOWNERS` [file](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/customizing-your-repository/about-code-owners)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no services or teams are found, Datadog uses the `CODEOWNERS` [file](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/customizing-your-repository/about-code-owners)
```

> file on your repository. The `CODEOWNERS` file associate file ownership to team on your Git provider. You need

Reviewer: ```suggestion
file in your repository. The `CODEOWNERS` file determines which team owns a file in your Git provider. You need
```

> If no services or teams are found, Datadog uses the `CODEOWNERS` [file](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/customizing-your-repository/about-code-owners)
> file in your repository. The `CODEOWNERS` file determines which team owns a file in your Git provider. You need

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If no services or teams are found, Datadog uses the `CODEOWNERS` [file](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/customizing-your-repository/about-code-owners) in your repository. The `CODEOWNERS` file determines which team owns a file in your Git provider. You need
```

Reviewer 2: Can we move the destination link to the bottom of the file? Inline links such as this one aren't compatible with our translation workflows.
